# DALLE-CLONE by OYELEKE ISREAL TIMILEHIN

- [Description](#Description)
- [Key Features](#key-features)
- [Technologies used](#technologies-used)
- [Configuration and Setup](#configuration-and-setup)
- [Usage](#Usage)

## Description

This project is a React client that displays a collection of imaginative and visually stunning images generated by DALL-E AI. Users can search for posts, as well as create and share their own posts with the community.

## Key Features

- Browse through a collection of imaginative and visually stunning images generated by DALL-E AI
- Search for posts based on keywords
- Create and share posts with the community

## Technologies used

The Customizer is built using the following technologies:

- React
- FileSaver.js
- Valtio
- Vite.js
- cloudinary
- mongoose
- openai
- Tailwindcss
- Node.js
- Express

## Configuration and Setup

In order to run this project locally, simply fork and clone the repository or download as zip and unzip on your machine.

- Open the project in your prefered code editor.
- Go to terminal -> New terminal (If you are using VS code)

```
$ cd client
$ npm install or yarn install (to install client-side dependencies)
$ npm run dev (to start the client)
```

Note: You will also need to set up a local DALL-E API server to use the AI-generated designs tab.

```
$ cd server
$ npm install or yarn install (to install server-side dependencies)
$ npm start (to start the server)
```

## Usage

To use the Customizer, follow these steps:

1. The home page displays a collection of posts that can be searched by keywords.
2. To create a post, navigate to the "Create" page and enter a name and prompt for the image.
3. Click "Generate" to create the image and then "Share with the Community" to share the post.

## Contributing

Contributions to the Customizer are welcome. If you find a bug or have a feature request, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

The Customizer is licensed under the MIT License.
